18
Fixed bug that required 'running as admin' on Windows.
Fixed bug that prevented saving a ship's "Reserve Power Capacity".

17
Added platform-specific launchers to double-click instead of the jar.
Added readmes.
Cleaned up some dodgy code when initially prompting for FTL's location.
Incorporated code from Slipstream Mod Manager.
Revised the initial stats of ships spawned by the "Change Ship" tab.
Allowed DataManager subclasses to be set as the global instance.

16
Added profile score editing.

15
Added sector number rollback under the General tab.
Added "State Vars" tab.
Added automated finding of data.dat for OSX-Steam.
Added a prompt to override automatically found data.dat location.
Fixed manual data.dat choosing on OSX. (Thanks to wilerson)
Allowed negative background sprite rotation for SectorMap beacons.

14
Added cargo editing under the general tab.
Added "In Hidden Sector" field under the general tab.
Added map-related rebel flagship fields under the general tab.
All beacon fields are editable.
The unknown field in visited beacons became background sprite rotation.

13
Revised how FTL's data.dat is located: cfg contains ftlDatsPath=.../(FTL dir)/resources/.
Added automated finding of data.dat for Linux-Steam, and possibly OSX.
Fixed crash when writing a saved game in which a store had been visited that sector.
Added SectorMap editing: Store, Quest, and Beacon (partial).

12
The saved game editor can tweak nearly all aspects of a player's ship and crew.
The profile editor can unlock at specific difficulties.

11
Added saved game (continue.sav) parsing - Some general ship attributes (hull/fuel/scrap/etc) are editable. Fires, breaches and oxygen levels can be reset. More to come!
Fixed crash when Type B Crystal ship appears in high scores

10
Stats tab now shows all stats (Session/Crew/Totals areas were previously blank)
FTL data is now accessed without needing to unpack the data files - Older versions of this tool will have unpacked to a folder called "ftldata". You should delete this to free up disk space
Data files can be unpacked if desired - A new button has been added to the toolbar for this
Added release notes viewer

9
Added correct parsing of achievement difficulty flag (this fixes a profile parser error where you had attained an achievement at normal difficulty)

8
Added general achievements and top scores
Modified parser error dialog to contain text to copy/paste into bug report

7
Fixed Linux bug (thanks roostertech)
Added error logging to file (ftl-profile-editor.log)
Added default profile locations for MacOS and Linux

6
Now uses FTL data files to extract ship/achievement data and images.

5
Added a check when opening a profile to ensure the app can read and write it without losing data

4
Added automatic version check so you don't need to manually check this thread or the download page for updates. More actual features coming soon 

3
Bug fixes

2
Bug fixes

1
Initial release
